Fix audit trail viz to list (#15105)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/audit_trail/_index.md

Give more visual context to your audit trail events with dashboards. To create an audit dashboard:

1. Create a [New Dashboard][6] in Datadog.

> 2. Select your visualization. You can visualize an Audit event as [top lists][7], [timeseries][8], and [lists][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select your visualization. You can visualize Audit events as [top lists][7], [timeseries][8], and [lists][9].
```
